Where did I get the money? Do I need to tell you?
Yufei
Marry me!
Marry you can
But you have to promise me one condition.
Don't say one
I promise 10,000
I don't want these things, you promise me
Mr. Li
That's a good thing
I promise you.
Remind the host to kneel and lick the object and refuse to accept consumption
The amount spent will be recycled to the simp account
The host will face accountability from the garage bank
Effective countdown 32 and so on
Designate Lin Yuner Blue Phoenix as the consumer target
I'm going to give them these things.
The host changes the designated kneeling and licking consumption object
Specify successful consumption amount recovery
SIMP account termination
Since the shipping fee is not required.
Sun Qian, this car is for you.
Are you kidding me?
This car 8 million
Do you think I'm kidding now?
Hey, it's all small money.
You help save my mom
Spend this pocket money
Is the pocket money 10 trillion?
This villa is my gift to Blue Heart Point
Congratulations to the host for getting the rebate 500 million
Current personal account 700 million 4.11 million
The sample is not for you
Who the hell wants your crap?
Great money
Excuse me?
Being rich is amazing